In this lecture we'll do three things.
First will generate migration for our new target model.
Then we'll create another migration which will define the pivot or intermediate table that will actually
hold those relation between the target model and the blog post model.
And the first thing we'll create are we will actually create the tag model.
And on the next lecture we will see how we can define the relation between those two models on the models
themselves.
So the first thing would be to create migration for our new tag model.
The second thing would be to create a migration for the intermediate or people table that will be created
to hold the relation between an existing block posts model and the new tag model.
So let's go ahead and do the first thing.
So we'll create our migration for our tag model.
You should already know how to do that.
We call appear to be artisan make migration and call it create tax table.
Now let's open the migration.
So we have already a boiler plate with the idea and the timestamps only think we will have to define
is our stream column which could be called name.
As we said before it can have the default land but usually tax should have a shorter name so let's limit
it to 40.
So let's execute the migration right away.
Be artisan migrate and let's check if it is inside the database.
So we have tax table with the name column which is 5 char and timestamp so so far so good.
Now let's create another immigration BHP artisan make migration and call it create block post talk table
so here is our new migration.
And this is our default name that you should use when you are relating to models using Many to Many
relationship.
So the name of this table by default should be the same as the model name but you convert the uppercase
letters inside the model name to lower case and when there is when the new uppercase letter starts we
just put an underscore and then after another underscore there is the name lower case name of another
model so this intermediate pivot table will contain an idea and also the timestamps but also it has
to contain two columns that will be related to both the blog posts so it will contain a blog post idea
and also the tag idea.
So let's go ahead and add them.
So we want to add to unsigned integers because ideas are never negative first one is the blog post idea
we can add index which should already be added when we will are the foreign keys so let's do that foreign
blog post 18 it references the IDF field on their block post table and we can do what we already know
that we can make Cascade delete.
So whenever the model is removed we'll also remove this relation from the blog post talk table.
So we do on delete cascade OK.
So that would be the first column for the blog post idea.
Now you can copy that so we can immediately define a relation for the tag tag model.
So let's modify that to tag I.D. do the same with the foreign key.
It will reference that idea on the tax table.
So basically that's it.
That's how our new blog posts table should look like blog post stock table.
Now before you run this migration I've made a mistake here.
This table is actually blog posts not a blog post.
So now we can run this migration using peach B artisan migrate.
Okay it's done.
Now let's go to the database structure and we have our new table blog post tag.
Let's see the structure.
It has an I.D. which is out to incremented and also we have two foreign keys that block post I.D. and
tax I.D. and timestamps.
Okay.
So we have the migrations and now let's clear the terminal and create the actual tag model so we can
also do that using artisan command BHP artisan make model tag.
You should already be familiar with this.
So now this should create a new tag class inside our up namespace.
And now let's go ahead and see how we can define our relation between those two models.